IT WAS AN UNEVENTFUL MORNING --
QUIET.
[ INDISTINCT ARGUING ]
INSTEAD OF SAVING
EVERY EPISODE OF "THE BACHELOR,"
WHY DON'T YOU JUST HIT
YOURSELF ON THE HEAD
WITH A SLEDGEHAMMER?!
DAD, TURN DOWN THAT SONG!
[ HALL & OATES'
"I CAN'T GO FOR THAT" PLAYS ]
♪ NO CAN DO ♪
THE KIDS HAD A FRIDAY OFF
OF SCHOOL,
SO WE PICKED UP MANNY AND WENT
TO OUR FAVORITE PANCAKE PLACE --
RELAXING.
MITCHELL, HI.
WHAT?!
OH, HAVE HIM TELL CAM
I'LL PICK HIM UP
FOR RACQUETBALL IN AN HOUR.
I CAN'T EVEN HEAR HIM
IT'S SO LOUD.
CAN EVERYBODY JUST SHUT UP?!
I HATE IT.
[ MUSIC STOPS ]
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
ANYWAY...
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
HELLO.
GIL: Hello.
Is this Phil Dumpster?
WHAT DO YOU WANT, GIL?
GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
HANG ON.
[ GIL SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
ON TELEPHONE ]
I NEED YOU TO SEND
A GIFT TO MOM
FOR HER BIRTHDAY
FROM THE BOTH OF US.
MITCHELL:
No, I did it last year.
I KNOW, AND I NEED YOU
TO DO IT AGAIN.
LOOK, I'VE GOT
A CONFERENCE CALL AT 1:20.
THEN LUKE'S TUTOR
COMES TO THE HOUSE,
2:45 SALES MEETING, AND I STILL
GOT TO GET ALEX TO JUDO.
And yet you somehow found time
to bitch at me.
Wow!
You really can have it all.
UGH. HONESTLY, JUST GET HER A
STUPID GIFT CARD, YOU BIG BABY!
You're back in second place
with your favorite view.
UGH.
WHY DOES EVERYTHING WITH HIM
HAVE BE SO DRAMATIC?
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHY ARE WE STOPPING?
♪♪♪
[ SIGHS ] HEY.
HEY.
OH. PERFECT.
OKAY, FIRST YOU BERATE ME
ON THE PHONE,
THEN YOU SHOW UP TO MY OFFICE
AND BERATE ME IN PER--
OH, W-WHAT IS THIS?
I DON'T CARE FOR THIS.
WE GOT IN AN ACCIDENT.
OH, MY GOD!
WE ALMOST GOT
IN AN ACCIDENT.
THAT SEEMS LIKE
A REALLY IMPORTANT DISTINCTION.
THERE WAS THIS BIG TRUCK, AND IT
BARRELED THROUGH A STOP SIGN,
AND IT MISSED OUR CAR
BY INCHES.
OH, MY GOD!
AND EVERYONE'S OKAY?
YES, JUST VERY SHAKEN UP.
AW.
BUT, MITCHELL, I AM SO SORRY
THAT I YELLED AT YOU BEFORE.
IT'S FINE.
LOOK, I BROUGHT YOU
THE BIRTHDAY CARD FOR MOM,
AND YOU CAN SIGN IT.
OKAY. THANK YOU.
"TO OUR BEST FRIEND."
MM.
THAT'S A LITTLE SARCASTIC.
IT'S HER BIRTHDAY.
I DON'T KNOW.
NO, I MEAN IT.
MITCHELL, I ALMOST DIED.
I WANT OUR MOM TO HAVE
A GREAT BIRTHDAY.
OH,
AND WE'RE DOING THIS AGAIN.
OKAY.
OH, GOD. YEAH.
HI.
I'LL BE THERE IN A SEC, YEAH.
[ CELLPHONE CHIMES ]
OKAY, MY DEPOSITION
GOT MOVED UP. THAT'S GREAT.
SO I'LL JUST HAVE TO MOVE
EVERYTHING -- YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GONNA EAT IN THE CAR
AND THEN --
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
NO, NO, NO.
GIVE IT, GIVE IT!
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I WAS DOING
RIGHT BEFORE I ALMOST DIED?
EXACTLY WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
HUMORING A RELATIVE?
NO, NO, SCHEDULING MY LIFE
DOWN TO THE LAST MINUTE.
I MEAN, LOOK AT THIS --
"CALL NEW YORK OFFICE --
4:17 P.M."
[ SIGHS ]
DO YOU REALIZE
THAT EVERYBODY BUT US
ROUNDS UP
TO THE NEAREST FIVE MINUTES?
TODAY MADE ME REALIZE SOMETHING,
MITCHELL.
NO, I DON'T WANT TO BE
A 4:17 KIND OF PERSON.
DO YOU?
YES, I DO.
'CAUSE THAT PHONE CALL
NEEDS TO BE DONE BY 4:23
SO THAT I AM NOT A DEAD MAN
BY 4:41.
GIVE ME MY PHONE.
NOPE. NOPE. NO.
GIVE ME -- CLAIRE.
WE'RE GONNA DO SOMETHING
TOGETHER.
YES, TAKE THE REST
OF THE DAY OFF.
I CAN'T DO THAT.
YES, YOU CAN.
I DID!
YEAH, 'CAUSE YOU WORK
FOR YOUR FATHER.
NO, NO, NO,
WE NEED THIS, MITCHELL.
HEY, COME ON, GIVE ME MY...
WE REALLY NEED THIS.
CLAIRE, I'M REALLY SWAMPED
TODAY, AND I --
PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEASE...
STOP. JUST GO.
PLEEEEEASE
CAN WE SLOW DOWN?
OW! YOU'RE CHAFING MY WRIST.
DON'T PRETEND
YOU'RE NOT LOVING THIS.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT. I THINK I JUST
SKATED THROUGH SOME PEE.
[ SIGHS ]
C-CAN WE GO BACK NOW?
NO!
GOD.
NO, BECAUSE WE ARE NOT
APPOINTMENT-MAKING
CONTROL FREAKS.
WE ARE HAVING FUN.
YOU ARE. I'M JUST DOING
WHAT YOU'RE MAKING ME DO.
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY, OKAY, STOP.
NO, NO, NO. NO, NO, NO.
LET'S GO BACK, LET'S GO BACK,
LET'S GO BACK.
WHY?
WHY DO WE HAVE TO GO BACK NOW?
WHY -- OH, I GET IT.
I GET IT.
YOU'RE STILL SCARED
TO SKATE THROUGH THE UNDERPASS.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "STILL"?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "SCARED"?
WHAT UNDERPASS?
MITCHELL,
YOU WERE 11 YEARS OLD,
AND MOM MADE ME
TAKE YOU WITH ME
WHEN I WAS SKATING
WITH MY FRIEND SOPHIE KING,
AND YOU WERE TERRIFIED
TO GO THROUGH THE UNDERPASS
'CAUSE IT WAS DARK,
AND YOU WERE SURE IT
WAS FILLED WITH MONSTERS,
SO WE DITCHED YOU.
I DON'T REMEMBER THIS
AT ALL.
YEAH, I SKATED AWAY
AND CALLED YOU A BIG BABY.
SOPHIE THREW A ROCK AT ME
AND YOU YELLED, "YOU'RE SO GAY."
[ GASPS ]
I DID DO THAT.
OH, DIDN'T I?
WE USED TO USE THAT WORD
A LOT.
YOU USED TO BE ABLE
TO CALL ANYTHING GAY. UGH.
DO YOU EVER MISS THAT?
NO.
THAT'S HURTFUL.
YEAH.
I'M SORRY, MITCHELL.
YOU WERE SCARED,
AND I SHOULD'VE HELD YOUR HAND
THROUGH THE TUNNEL, AND I WAS --
I WAS NOT A GOOD BIG SISTER.
I'M SO SORRY.
WILL YOU FORGIVE ME?
YES, YES.
YOU DO?
YES! I FORGIVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU.
LOVE YOU, TOO.
LOVE YOU!
OKAY, OKAY.
OKAY.
LET'S DO THIS.
YES, LET'S DO THIS.
COME ON.
WHAT? WHAT'S HAPPENING?
NO, NO, NO, WE'RE GOING --
WE'RE GOING THROUGH THE TUNNEL.
NO. GOD, NO.
NO, NO, NO.
OH, NO,
YOU GOT TO GET OVER THIS.
NO! ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
JUST LET YOURSELF GO.
JUST LET IT GO.
JUST -- YOU KNOW?
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
YEP. I'M GOOD.
UH, YEAH,
YOU GOT TO GET PAST IT.
N-N-NO. NO, NO! NO!
N-N-NO! CLAIRE, NO!
N-N-NO! N-NO!
I FELT BAD
WHEN WE GOT SEPARATED,
BUT I KNEW THAT WHEN HE SKATED
OUT THE OTHER SIDE
OF THAT TUNNEL,
AN EMOTIONAL SCAR
WOULD'VE BEEN HEALED.
MITCHELL?!
MITCHELL?
NO! N-NO!
N-N-NO! N-NO!
OH, MY GOD! WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT HAPPENED?
IT W-- IT WAS TERRIBLE!
YES.
THEY TOOK MY WALLET
AND MY SKATES AND MY TIE.
NO.
WHAT -- WHAT HOMELESS PERSON
NEEDS A TIE?
OH, MY GOD.
I AM SO SORRY, MITCHELL!
OKAY, UM...
CAN YOU GIVE ME MY PHONE?
'CAUSE I GOT TO, YOU KNOW,
CANCEL MY CARDS.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
OH, GOD. I HOPE YOU HAVE JUICE.
THAT THING HAS BEEN BUZZING
LIKE CRAZY.
OH, GOD! OKAY.
OKAY.
MY MEETING'S BEEN PUSHED UP.
IT'S IN 15 MINUTES.
OKAY, OKAY.
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY!
LOOK AT ME. LOOK AT ME.
HUH? YEAH.
HEY, HEY.
THIS IS A TEST, AND WE DON'T
SWEAT THE SMALL STUFF.
JUST LET IT GO.
STOP IT! STOP IT.
I KNOW YOU THINK YOU DISCOVERED
THE NEW YOU,
BUT YOU ARE CONTROLLING
EVEN WHEN YOU'RE TRYING
TO NOT BE CONTROLLING.
SO J-- GIVE ME YOUR SKATES.
WHAT? WHY?
YOU'VE DRAGGED ME SO FAR,
WE'RE CLOSER TO MY OFFICE
THAN WE ARE TO THE CAR.
TAKE 'EM OFF!
[ CLICKS TONGUE ]
HE JUST WASN'T READY.
BUT ME?
I HAD A MESSAGE FOR THE SMALL
STUFF THAT USED TO RULE MY LIFE.
HEY, PHIL.
HONEY, HOW YOU HOLDING UP?
PHIL: Good.
SO, I'M AT THE BEACH --
LONG STORY.
ANYWAY, I WAS HOPING
YOU WOULDN'T MIND WAITING
AT THE HOUSE
FOR LUKE'S TUTOR.
Actually, I would mind.
I'd mind quite a bit.
I'm kind of busy.
OKAY, GREAT.
SUCK IT, SMALL STUFF.
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
Haley:
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHY ARE WE STOPPING?
FOR MANY, A NEAR-MISS WITH DEATH
IS A WAKE-UP CALL.
BUT WHEN A MAN MISSES
HIS OWN NEAR-MISS,
HE TRULY SEES
WHAT HE'S BEEN MISSING.
NO MORE PUTTING MY DREAMS
ON HOLD.
FIVE YEARS AGO,
I MADE A BUCKET LIST.
IT WAS TIME
TO START CROSSING THINGS OFF.
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
SCARIEST MOMENT OF MY LIFE.
[ WHIMPERING ]
OHH. OH, MY GOSH.
I THOUGHT I LOST YOU!
BUT AMAZINGLY, SOMETHING GREAT
CAME OUT OF IT.
I FOUND OUT HOW MY SISTER
TRULY FEELS ABOUT ME.
GIRLS, ARE YOU SURE?
POSITIVE.
WE'LL WALK HOME.
WE ALMOST DIED.
YEAH.
A-ABOUT WHAT YOU SAID
IN THE CAR...
PLEASE DON'T MAKE FUN OF ME
RIGHT NOW.
NO, I WOULD NEVER.
IT WAS ACTUALLY REALLY HONEST.
AND I NEED TO STOP TAKING SHOTS
AT YOUR INTELLIGENCE.
YOU DON'T DO IT
THAT OFTEN.
WELL,
YOU MISS A LOT OF IT.
[ SCOFFS ] OH.
THERE, I DID IT AGAIN.
DID WHAT?
UH, IT DOESN'T MATTER.
I ALWAYS CONSIDERED YOU TO BE
THIS SELF-ABSORBED PERSON,
BUT YOU'RE MORE SUBSTANTIAL
THAN THAT, AREN'T YOU?
THANK YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M BLOWING OFF JUDO TODAY.
LET'S HANG OUT.
WHAT SHOULD WE DO?
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
MAKEOVERS.
OKAY.
GREAT!
WE'RE GONNA WALK
RIGHT PAST MY WAXING PLACE.
SAY GOODBYE
TO THAT GAL STACHE.
[ LAUGHS ]
OW. OW!
IF IT WERE EASY,
EVERYONE WOULD BE HOT.
YEP, YOU KNOW,
I-IT'S NOT JUST MY FEET.
IT'S FROM WHEN I WALKED
INTO THE STOP SIGN
BECAUSE YOU WOULDN'T
GIVE ME BACK MY --
OKAY, FINE. I'LL GIVE YOU BACK
YOUR MAN-GOGGLES.
HERE.
[ SIGHS ]
I JUST THOUGHT WE MIGHT
RUN INTO SOME CUTE
BOYS ON THE WAY HOME,
BUT IT'S PROBABLY BEST
WE DIDN'T.
THAT'S A PRETTY ANGRY LIP
YOU GOT THERE.
REALLY?
UH-HUH.
WOW.
DOES EVERYBODY'S GET THIS RED?
WELL, YOU HAD
QUITE A BIT OF GROWTH.
I WAS GONNA HAVE THAT LADY
TAKE A CRACK AT YOUR ARMS,
BUT SHE HAD ALREADY
SWEAT THROUGH HER APRON.
OH, MY GOSH!
I ALREADY HAVE 100 LIKES
ON MY PICTURE OF MY NEW NAILS.
UM, FYI, I'M -- I'M SORT OF
IN THE BACKGROUND THERE,
SCREAMING MID-WAX.
400 PEOPLE LIKED THIS PHOTO.
I WAS NOT ONE OF THEM.
MY ART TEACHER MADE
A PITHY "BLUE PERIOD" COMMENT,
AND MY TOP PROM PROSPECT
SUDDENLY FOUND A GIRLFRIEND
IN CANADA.
DO YOU THINK I COULD GET
MY SNEAKERS BACK?
OHH, I THREW THEM AWAY
WITH THE REST OF YOUR CLOTHES
WHEN YOU WERE
IN THE CHANGING ROOM.
I THOUGHT ABOUT SAVING THEM
FOR THE HOUSEKEEPER,
BUT I COULDN'T REMEMBER
IF SHE HAD A SON.
LOOK, I'VE TRIED REALLY HARD
TO PUT UP WITH A LOT SINCE...
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OH, I JUST HAD SO MUCH FUN
WITH YOU!
WE DON'T DO THIS ENOUGH.
I JUST WISH THERE WAS SOMETHING
THAT YOU COULD TEACH ME.
UH-HUH.
[ GASPS ]
WAIT, WHAT ABOUT
YOUR JUDO STUFF?
UH [SCOFFS] YOU'RE NOT
INTERESTED IN THAT.
NO! NO! I AM! COME ON!
KARATE-CHOP ME
OR SOMETHING!
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT IS NOT --
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
LET'S JUST DO
ONE SIMPLE MOVE.
OKAY.
NOW, THIS WON'T WRINKLE MY TOP,
WILL IT?
OHH!
WOW.
THAT WAS ACTUALLY FUN!
SHOW ME ONE MORE TIME.
OH, NO!
OH, MY GOSH.
I THOUGHT I LOST YOU AGAIN.
[ SMOOCHES, SIGHS ]
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT. BACK UP.
AGAIN?
OH, YEAH,
WHEN WE ALMOST GOT KILLED,
I THOUGHT
I LOST MY PHONE.
IT WAS REALLY SCARY.
MENTOS JET-PACK RAMP-CLIMB,
TEST NUMBER TWO.
LESSON LEARNED -- WHEN PRESSURE
BUILDS TO DANGEROUS LEVELS,
IT MUST BE RELEASED.
IS YOUR LIP GETTING BETTER
OR YOUR FACE GETTING REDDER?
[ GRUNTS ANGRILY ]
JUST GONNA POP INTO
THE FAMILY ROOM.
WHAT THE HELL
WAS THAT?!
OH,
I'M JUST GETTING STARTED!
OHH! WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BE
SUCH A FREAK?!
STOP!
Both: MOM!
[ ALPACA BLEATS ]
PHIL, HONEY.
♪ I CAN'T GO FOR THAT,
NO, NO CAN DO ♪
I WAS ALREADY ON EDGE.
THE DAY BEFORE,
I WAS WITH MY MOM AT THE PARK
WHEN SOME GUY ON A BIKE
SWIPED HER PHONE.
HE MUST HAVE BEEN
A CRIMINAL MASTERMIND.
HE STRUCK THE ONE SECOND SHE
WASN'T TAKING PICTURES OF JOE.
THE WORST PART IS,
I SAW HIM GRAB IT.
I HAD A CHANCE
TO DO SOMETHING
AND BE A HERO TO MY MOM,
BUT I FROZE.
WHAT WOULD YOU HAVE DONE,
MADE HIM THE SUBJECT
OF A SATIRICAL CARTOON?
HEY! UH, THEY'VE TAKEN DOWN
PRESIDENTS.
NOW, CAN YOU JUST
SUPPORT ME HERE?
THERE ARE ONLY SO MANY MOMENTS
A SON HAS A CHANCE TO --
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
VERY MATURE.
PICK A FIGHT
THEN TUNE ME OUT?
[ INDISTINCT ARGUING ]
IT'S NOT BOTHERING ME.
STOP IT!
DAD,
TURN DOWN THAT SONG!
♪ NO CAN DO ♪
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
YOU SURE, MANNY?
POSITIVE.
I-I'LL WALK HOME.
Haley: WE ALMOST DIED.
Alex: YEAH.
WHITE.
YES, I'M SURE.
WHY IS IT SO HARD
FOR YOU TO IMAGINE
THAT A CRIMINAL CAN BE WHITE
WHEN MOST OF THE --
AH, THE BICYCLE.
YES, YES, IT WAS WHITE.
I THOUGHT
YOUR PHONE GOT STOLEN?
THIS IS JOE'S PHONE.
THIS IS WHY
THE TERRORISTS HATE US.
THE UNIVERSE
IS COLD AND UNFEELING.
THE ONLY CONSTANT IS CHAOS.
WAS THAT PLACE OUT OF
CHOCOLATE-CHIP PANCAKES AGAIN?
WE WERE ALL ALMOST KILLED
BY A TRUCK.
[ GASPS ] AY! iDIOS MíO!
ARE YOU OKAY, PAPI?
THIS WAS ALL PHIL'S FAULT,
WASN'T IT?
HE'S ALWAYS BLARING
THAT DAMN NEW WAVE MUSIC!
NO.
HE SWERVED TO AVOID IT.
SAVED MY LIFE.
BUT THE GAME OF LIFE
IS RIGGED.
DEATH ALWAYS WIN.
OKAY, I KNOW WHAT YOU NEED
RIGHT NOW --
A TRIP
TO THE ICE-CREAM SHOP.
HE DOESN'T NEED
ICE CREAM.
HE NEEDS TO TALK ABOUT
WHAT JUST HAPPENED TO HIM.
WELL,
I COULD GO FOR SOME ICE CREAM.
I KNOW
HOW TO FIX MY SON.
SO, THIS IS FIXED.
[ HORNS BLARING ]
GO AROUND.
NORMALLY, I'D BE AVOIDING
THESE CRACKS
OUT OF RESPECT
OF YOUR BACK, MOM,
BUT AFTER TODAY,
IT SEEMS POINTLESS.
THAT'S IT. GET IN.
Gloria: NO, NO.
NO, JAY, HE'S AFRAID!
IT'S ONLY
GONNA GET WORSE.
IN. TRUST ME.
FIVE MINUTES IN HERE,
HE'LL BE HAPPY AS A CLAM.
AAH! MAMA!
CALM DOWN.
THIS WAS A BAD IDEA.
HOP OUT.
GOOD FOR YOU, JAY.
IT HAS TO BE WHEN HE IS READY.
NOPE. HE'S DRIVING.
WHAT?
WHAT? I-I CAN'T.
YOU'RE DOING IT NOW.
JESúS, TAKE THE WHEEL.
HE'S TERRIFIED
TO BE IN THE BACK.
NOW YOU'RE GONNA
PUT HIM IN THE FRONT SEAT
SO THAT HE CAN KILL
ALL OF US?!
CAN YOU NOT
MAKE THIS FEAR WORSE?
I WATCHED DEDE
CODDLE MITCHELL
WHEN HE WAS AFRAID
OF THE DARK.
TILL HE WAS SEVEN, HE'D ONLY
BLINK ONE EYE AT A TIME --
GAVE A LOT OF GIRLS
A VERY WRONG IDEA.
[ DOOR-AJAR SIGNAL BEEPING ]
MANNY, YOU DON'T WANT
TO DO THIS RIGHT?
NO, I REALLY DON'T.
OKAY, PAPI, YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET'S SWITCH.
I'M GOING TO DRIVE.
I'VE GOT A BOMBSHELL, MOM.
AY, PAPI, THANK YOU,
BUT THIS IS A VERY WEIRD THING
TO SAY
WHEN WE'RE IN THIS POSITION.
NO, I'VE DECIDED
I'M NEVER DRIVING.
UH -- UNH-UNH-UNH-UNH!
NO WAY.
YOU THERE. YOU THERE.
WE'RE DOING THIS MY WAY.
AH, YEAH, 'CAUSE IT'S YOUR WAY
OR THE HIGHWAY.
OH, GOD.
NOT THE HIGHWAY.
YOU ALWAYS WANT ME
TO BE HIS DAD.
WELL, I'M BEING HIS DAD.
OH, UH, I-I'M REALLY SCARED,
JAY.
THIS IS WHAT WE'RE FIXING.
LOOK, WHEN I WAS A KID,
I LIVED BY
A BIG, SCARY BLACK LAKE.
I ALWAYS THOUGHT THERE MONSTERS
IN THERE AND WHATNOT.
ONE NIGHT,
MY DAD DRAGGED ME OUT OF BED
AND TOSSED ME
RIGHT IN THAT COLD WATER.
I WAS NEVER SCARED
OF THAT LAKE AGAIN.
NOW, GIVE IT SOME GAS.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
[ GASPS ] MAMA!
AAH!
THAT'S ANOTHER HABIT
I WOULDN'T MIND BREAKING,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
RIGHT NOW WE...HAVE TO...
OH, WHAT AM I DOING?
I HATED MY DAD FOR THAT.
I ENDED UP SCARED OF HIM,
NOT THE LAKE.
MANNY, IT'S OKAY.
OVER THERE! ON THE BIKE!
THE WHITE GUY
THAT STOLE MY PHONE!
I DON'T SEE ANYONE.
YES!
HE JUST TURNED THE CORNER!
THE PHONE BURGLAR!
HE'S GETTING AWAY!
[ SIGHS ] NOT THIS TIME.
UP THERE TO THE LEFT!
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
I DON'T SEE ANYONE!
I DIDN'T SEE ANYONE EITHER.
I MADE IT UP.
I AM NOT GOING TO DRIVE MY SON
AROUND UNTIL HE'S 40.
THE ONLY THING STRONGER
THAN MANNY'S FEAR
IS HIS NEED TO PROTECT HIS MAMA.
OH, NO! HE GOT AWAY!
BUT YOU DID VERY GOOD,
MANNY.
THAT WAS
A FRICKIN' RUSH!
BUT WE'RE NOT GIVING UP.
WE'RE GONNA FIND THAT GUY.
NO!
ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THIS?
JUST GO.
I'M WALKING HOME.
Claire: I CAN'T EVEN HEAR HIM
IT'S SO LOUD.
CAN EVERYBODY JUST SHUT UP?!
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
HELLO.
GIL:
Hello. Is this Phil Dumpster?
STOP.
WHAT DO YOU WANT, GIL?
GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
HANG ON.
Is that your hot wife
I hear?
Hey, is she still taking
those yoga classes?
I NEED YOU TO SEND
A GIFT TO MOM.
HANGING UP.
W-w-wait. Wait. Real quick.
...2:45 SALES MEETING, AND I
STILL GOT TO GET ALEX TO JUDO.
The listing at 225 Cedar Street,
it's mine now.
YOU POACHED MY LISTING?
Poached it, seasoned it,
and covered it in Thorpe-andaise
sauce, my friend.
OH, MY GOD, JUST GET HER
A STUPID GIFT CARD.
You should thank me, Dumpy.
You're back in second place
with your favorite view...
DON'T BE SUCH A BIG BABY.
UGH.
...my sweet behind.
WHY DOES EVERYTHING WITH HIM
HAVE TO BE SO DRAMATIC?
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
WHY ARE WE STOPPING?
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
OHH.
OH, MY GOD!
I THOUGHT I LOST YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT'S TO TELL?
A TRUCK RUNS A STOP SIGN,
I AVOID IT,
EVERYONE WALKS AWAY --
BING, BANG, NO BOOM.
UM, THERE WAS A TRUCK!
Haley: THAT WAS CRAZY!
OKAY, OKAY.
WHERE DID IT EVEN COME FROM?
YOU DON'T SEE THAT TRUCK
COMING TOWARDS YOU?
EVERYBODY CALM DOWN.
CALM DOWN. LET'S NOT OVERREACT.
WHAT?!
DAD!
WE WERE ALMOST JUST KILLED!
YES!
EXACTLY. ALMOST, WHICH MEANS
WE'RE ALL JUST FINE.
YOU AREN'T
THE LEAST BIT UPSET?
IT'S GONNA TAKE MORE THAN THAT
TO RUIN A MORNING
THAT STARTED WITH
A WHIPPED-CREAM SMILE
ON MY WAFFLE.
OKAY, IT MAY HAVE AFFECTED ME
A LITTLE,
BUT SOMETIMES IT'S HARD TO KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE FEELING.
MOSTLY, I WAS THINKING ABOUT
RACQUETBALL LATER
AND HOPEFULLY GIVING CAM
A NICE SPANKING.
FAIR WARNING -- MAY BE
WORKING OUT SOME ANGER ISSUES
ON THE RACQUETBALL COURT
THIS MORNING.
DON'T ASK.
SOUNDS GOOD.
SO, WE'RE GETTING
OUR NEW DRYER DELIVERED.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE EGGSHELL,
BUT, OH, IT'S NOT EGGSHELL --
IT'S WHITE.
ANYWAY, I'M LAYING
INTO THE DELIVERY DRIVER,
AND MITCHELL STROLLS IN
AND SAYS, "OH, IT'S FINE,"
AND THEN OFFERS HIM A PIECE
OF HIS BANANA LOAF.
I HEARD THAT.
UH, JUST ONCE, I WOULD LIKE
MITCHELL TO TAKE MY SIDE.
I'M CONSTANTLY STROLLING IN
AND SAVING HIM
LIKE A LITTLE PRINCESS
IN THE TOWER.
SOMETIMES I'D LIKE TO BE
THE PRINCESS.
SIX OF ONE, RIGHT?
WHAT?
WHY ARE --
WHY ARE WE STOPPING?
I'M -- I'M VERY CONFUSED,
PHILLIP.
TRUST ME, THIS HOUSE IS GONNA
SELL AT THORPE SPEED.
HEY, GUYS.
OH, HEY, PHIL.
I GUESS YOU HEARD. I'M SORRY.
OH, NO,
IT HAPPENS ALL THE TIME.
I JUST STOPPED BY TO GIVE YOU
GUYS A LITTLE CARE PACKAGE
TO SHOW YOU
THERE'S NO HARD FEELINGS.
CLASS ACT, DUNG BEETLE.
HERE'S
THE MALPRACTICE ATTORNEY
MOST OF HIS CLIENTS HAVE USED
AFTER HE'S RIPPED THEM OFF.
YOU WILL BE LOSING
SOME SLEEP,
BUT THESE HAVE ALWAYS
HELPED MY WIFE.
AND THIS PRIEST IS RETIRED,
BUT I THINK HE STILL DOES
EXORCISMS,
WHICH YOU'LL NEED
AFTER TODAY.
LISTEN, PHIL --
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S SAD, REALLY,
TO SEE A ONCE-MEDIOCRE REALTOR
REDUCED TO THIS.
GIL, PLEASE,
LET'S KEEP THIS CIVIL.
OH, BY THE WAY, IF YOU EVER
SPEAK DISRESPECTFULLY AGAIN
ABOUT MY WIFE,
I'LL KILL YOU.
[ Chuckling ] SORRY.
THAT SOUNDED LIKE A JOKE.
I WILL ACTUALLY KILL YOU.
ANYHOO, WHEN YOU GUYS WAKE UP
AND SMELL THE SULFUR,
HERE'S A LIST
OF OTHER REALTORS,
AND IF YOU NEED ME,
I'LL BE IN THE OFFICE AT 9:00 --
UH, 10:00.
I HAVE THE DENTIST.
WHERE DID THAT
COME FROM?
LIFE'S TOO SHORT
TO BE RULED BY FEAR.
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE GET YOU
THE RIGHT DRYER, PRINCESS?
OH, MY.
I MEAN,
PHIL IS USUALLY JUST SO...
BUT THEN HE WAS JUST,
LIKE, SO...
AND THEN HE GOT EVEN MORE...
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN DO.
I CAN'T GO FOR THAT.
NO CAN DO.
CAMERON HERE BOUGHT
AN EGGSHELL DRYER.
NOT WHITE, NOT OATMEAL,
NOT SWISS-COFFEE,
NOT BABY-POWDER,
NOT BONE.
EGGSHELL.
LOOK, ROB, IS IT?
THAT'S INTERESTING.
HERE'S HOW
THIS IS GOING DOWN --
WE DON'T LEAVE
WITHOUT THAT EGGSHELL DRYER.
NOT SWAN-FEATHER,
NOT CHESTER-PIG-WHITE.
I THINK WE'VE COVERED
THE COLORS.
I SELL HOUSES TO PEOPLE
EVERY DAY
WHO ASK ME WHERE
THEY SHOULD BUY THEIR DRYER.
I DON'T THINK YOU WANT ME
GIVING THEM ANY...STATIC.
I MAY HAVE ONE
IN THE BACK.
BUT IT TAKES TWO GUYS
TO LOAD THE TRUCK,
AND IT'S JUST ME TODAY.
IS IT?
IT WAS RIGHT ABOUT THEN THAT A
QUESTION STARTED NAGGING AT ME.
[ HALL & OATES'
"I CAN'T GO FOR THAT" PLAYS ]
IS PHIL SEXY?
[ GRUNTS ]
HEY.
YOU FEEL LIKE DOING SOMETHING
A LITTLE CRAZY WITH ME?
[ CELLPHONE RINGING ]
WHAT? NO. WHAT? NO.
HEY, HONEY.
CLAIRE:
Phil, honey, how you holding up?
GOOD.
I'm at the beach --
long story.
I was hoping
you wouldn't mind
waiting at the house
for Luke's tutor.
ACTUALLY, I WOULD MIND.
I'D MIND QUITE A BIT.
I'M KIND OF BUSY.
Okay.
CAM, THERE'S SOMETHING
THAT CLAIRE
WOULD NEVER APPROVE OF
THAT I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO DO.
ALWAYS?
WE'RE GONNA WANT TO PUT A
BLANKET DOWN ON THAT BACKSEAT.
THIS WAS A HUGE MISTAKE.
I AM JAMMED IN THE BACKSEAT
WITH A HAIRY PERUVIAN BITER.
IT'S SPRING BREAK '92
ALL OVER AGAIN!
WELL, SPEED BUMP COMING UP.
HOLD THE LEASH TAUT.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO
KEEP HER CALM.
I GOT LUCKY. I DON'T THINK
THIS ONE'S A SPITTER.
[ ALPACA SPITS ]
OHH.
[ ALPACA BLEATS ]
UH, I SPOKE TOO SOON.
YOU THINK? THAT'S IT.
PULL OVER.
YOU KNOW, PHIL,
I WANTED TO SUPPORT YOU ON THIS.
I'M A FIRM BELIEVER
IN LIVESTOCK IN THE HOME,
BUT YOU ARE
OUT OF CONTROL.
NO, I'M IN CONTROL --
MORE THAN EVER.
AND IF ME GETTING WHAT I WANT
INCONVENIENCES PEOPLE A LITTLE,
THEN SO BE IT.
[ ALPACA BLEATS ]
OH.
UH, SHE'S NERVOUS.
THE GUY SAID YOU SHOULD LET HER
SUCK ON YOUR HAIR.
OKAY, THAT IS IT.
I AM DONE.
♪ ENOUGH OF
THIS RIDICULOUSNESS ♪
AND THANK YOU, PHIL,
FOR MAKING ME APPRECIATE
MITCHELL.
HE MAY HAVE HIS FAULTS,
BUT AT LEAST HE'S NOT
A CRAZY PERSON.
[ ALPACA BLEATS ]
PHIL, HONEY.
YES, CLAIRE.
I GOT AN ALPACA --
AGAIN.
AND THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN SAY ABOUT IT.
I'M NOT SAYING ANYTHING.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
MOM, DAD!
THERE IS A CAMEL
IN THE LIVING ROOM!
IT'S NOT A C--
I-I JUST CAN'T.
OKAY.
I SEE YOU'VE ALL MET
JOLENE TWO.
SADLY, THE ORIGINAL JOLENE
THAT YOUR MOTHER MADE ME RETURN
WAS CRUELLY ADOPTED
BY A CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.
YOU SEE,
SOMETHING HIT ME THIS MORNING
WHEN THAT TRUCK
DIDN'T HIT ME THIS MORNING --
I HAVE NOT BEEN IN CONTROL
OF MY OWN LIFE.
BUT THOSE DAYS ARE DONE.
OH.
Haley: MM.
HUH.
WELL, I GUESS I'M NOT
IN CONTROL OF EVERYTHING, AM I?
[ CHUCKLES ]
FUNNY, ISN'T IT?
YOU CAN TRY AND TRY,
BUT IN THE BLINK OF AN EYE...
[ BREATHING SHAKILY ]
[ Voice breaking ] YOU CAN LOSE
EVERYTHING THAT MATTERS TO YOU.
DAD, ARE YOU OKAY?
DON'T YOU ALL SEE
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
DAD REALLY WANTED
THAT MILK.
I ALMOST LOST YOU GUYS TODAY --
ALL OF YOU.
AW.
JUST LIKE THAT.
AW, DADDY.
OH, HONEY.
YOU SPENT THE WHOLE DAY
TRYING TO CONTROL EVERYTHING,
AND I SPENT THE ENTIRE DAY
TRYING NOT TO,
AND NEITHER WAY WORKED,
DID IT?
NOPE.
[ SIGHS ]
I MAY FIGHT YOU ON THIS,
BUT I'M GONNA NEED YOU
TO MAKE ME GET RID
OF JOLENE TWO.
SHE'S A BITER.
[ Chuckling ] I KNOW.
AS SOON AS WE'RE DONE
WITH THIS HUG.
HEY, WHATEVER THIS IS,
I NEED TO GET IN ON IT.
I ALMOST DIED TODAY.
GRANDPA.
DADDY.
AW, DAD.
HEY.
COME HERE.
AWW.
COME HERE, YOU.
LEARN HOW TO DRIVE, LADY!
[ PANTING ]
I WILL GET TO THE MEETING
WHEN I GET THERE.
I LOOKED DEATH IN THE FACE
TODAY.
HEL-- HELLO. YES, I WOULD LIKE
TO LEAVE A MESSAGE.
MY HUSBAND ORDERED
AN EGGSHELL DRYER --
NOT TALC, NOT PARCHMENT --
EGGSHELL.
HEY, YOU'RE HOME EARLY.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
DOESN'T MATTER.
SO, I CALLED
THAT APPLIANCE STORE,
AND I DEMANDED THAT YOU GET
THE DRYER THAT YOU WANTED.
OH, WELL,
IT MUST'VE WORKED
BECAUSE THEY'RE TAKING AWAY
THE WRONG ONE RIGHT NOW.
ANYTHING FOR YOU,
PRINCESS.
OOH! WHO'S THIS GUY?
GET OVER HERE, SEXY.
[ CHUCKLES ] IF YOU WANT TO SEE
SEXY, I JUST --
OOH.
AH-CHOO!
OH, D--
WHAT IS ALL OVER YOU?
WELL, NOW YOU ARE.
AH-CHOO!
-- Captions by VITAC --